Dad died
The greatest wish is to bring temporary glory
Now this year is finally coming to fruition
Of course I want dad
Witness with your own eyes
Fan Shao is really filial
Okay, great.
It's really hard for a man like Fan Shao
Yes
Yes!
Projects in cooperation between Lin's Group and Zhongzhou Group
The preliminary work has finally been completed
With the release of the central message
The market value has exceeded 500 billion.
This is my Lin's Group since its establishment
It's never been so brilliant.
But what I'm going to announce today
Is another good news
That's my family, and that's where I will be tomorrow.
Miss Zhang got married
Miss Zhang
This is a famous investor in Zhongzhou
Business legend
President Nalan, second only to the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
The combination of these two people
Is the real talent and beauty
It's a perfect match.
These days
Instead, for the dedication of our group's projects
That's for all to see
Now the project is handsome
My family can finally have a good rest
Rest now I declare
Lin Fan is all the duties of the Magnetic Blood Group
Concentrate on being responsible for the marriage with Miss Zhang